One day when we made calligraphy
Also, why did you draw another one?
I know 3 different trees, between the economy and Umiki.
You mean the forestry business.
Sanzu-in is full of mountains.
ideas году
hundreds of thousands
He's a fool.
You don't know that, do you?
You don't know?
You think it's a secret?
I thought it was a secret.
You know everything.
You can do this.
You can rent a house in a house and give me a sign.
I can't get a job.
I can't go to school.
I don't care.
Go to play.
I don't want to go.
I have a job.
Go as far as you can.
Unlike your teacher, you're not as good as your teacher.
When you forget your parents, go to a far-away school.
I don't want to go to school.
I'm going to lose my child.
I don't want to go.
I'm going to die.
You can't go.
She knows what I wrote.
She's a kid.
I don't care.
I can't help it.
You're bad.
You can't fight with me.
I can't help it.
I'll stick it in my house.
I'm going to go to sleep.
I'm going to sleep.
I don't care.
I'm going to stay.
You're alive.
What are you doing?
I'm going to die.
I'm going to go to school.
I'm going to sleep.
It's a journey. It's not a good thing to be a cook.
I have to sleep.
I'm so sleepy.
Wake up, Yakko. Wake up.
I'm sleepy. I'm not sleepy.
I'm not sleepy. I'm not sleepy.
It's the first time you've written.
You should've thought about it.
Where is it? It's in the paper.
You're a good cook.